zooms(1) -- boot rails in under a second
=======================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`zooms` [--no-color] COMMAND [ARGS]

## DESCRIPTION

Zooms makes working with large codebases much less painful.

To use Zooms with Ruby on Rails 3.0+, Just run `zooms start` in your 
project directory. It will output a list of available commands, including
tasks to spawn consoles, servers, tests, and rake tasks.

See `https://github.com/exodus23-13/zooms/blob/master/docs/ruby/modifying.md`
for information on modifying the boot process that Zooms uses by default
and adding custom tasks.

## SLIGHTLY MORE TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION

Zooms is a language-agnostic application checkpointer for non-multithreaded applications.

It is primarily targeted at ruby and other dynamic languages,
where application boot time can be tens of seconds, but it can be
made to work for nearly any language. However, zooms does not work
well with multithreaded applications. It relies heavily on `fork(2)`,
which is largely incompatible with multithreaded systems.

Currently only ruby is targeted, but support for other languages is planned.

Zooms lets you define common tasks, and preloads all of them in the
background. When you ask to run them, zooms transparently connects
your terminal to the already-running process in milliseconds.

This lets you, for example, run unit tests in dozens of milliseconds,
rather than dozens of seconds.

Zooms also monitors all files loaded by your application, and restarts
parts of it when dependencies change, to keep everything up-to-date.

## WAY MORE TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION

See `https://github.com/exodus23-13/zooms/blob/master/docs/overview.md`

## OPTIONS

* `--no-color`:
  Prints all output without color

## BUILTIN COMMANDS

* [zooms start(1)][zooms-start]:
  Start a zooms server in the current directory using `zooms.json`

* [zooms init(1)][zooms-init]:
  Generate a template zooms.json

* `zooms commands(1)`:
  List the commands defined by zooms.json

